docs(migration): add Card component migration guide (#1529)
contentful/forma-36: MIGRATION.md

You can also make these changes manually.

### Card

> In v4, the Card components has received API improvements. The changes are based on our code style guide, which create consistent, easy to use APIs. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v4, the Card component has received API improvements. The changes are based on our code style guide, which create consistent, easy to use APIs. For example:
```

<AssetCard
  type="archive"
  title="Some title"
  selected={isSelected}
  href=""
  status="archived"
  src=""
  onClick={() => {}}
  cardDragHandleComponent={<div />}
  withDragHandle={true}
  dropdownListElements={
    <>
      <span />
    </>
  }
  size="default"
/>;

<EntryCard
  type="archive"
  title="Some title"
  selected={isSelected}
  href=""
  status="archived"
  onClick={() => {}}
  cardDragHandleComponent={<div />}
  withDragHandle={true}
  dropdownListElements={
    <>
      <span />
    </>
  }
  size="default"
/>;
```

becomes:

```tsx static=true
import { Card, AssetCard, EntryCard Menu } from "@contentful/f36-components";

<Card isSelected>
  Selectable card content
</Card>;

<Card as="a" href="example.com">
  Selectable card content
</Card>;

<AssetCard
  as="a"
  type="archive"
  title="Some title"
  isSelected={true}
  href=""
  status="archived"
  src=""
  onClick={() => {}}
  withDragHandle={true}
  actions={[<Menu.Item>action</Menu.Item>]}
  size="default" />;
```

This is an overview of the changed props:

- `cardDragHandleCopmonent` was removed
- `selected` was renamed to `isSelected`
- `isDragActive` was renamed to `isDragging`

> - `statusIcon` was renamed to `icon`, and now expect an Icon component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `statusIcon` was renamed to `icon`, and now expects an Icon component
```

- `cardDragHandleProps` was renamed to `dragHandleProps`

> - `dropdownListElements` was updated to use the new `Menu` component and should receive an array of `Menu.Items`, check the Menu [documentation](https://v4-forma-36.netlify.app/components/menu/) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dropdownListElements` was updated to use the new `Menu` component and should receive an array of `Menu.Items`. For more information, see the Menu [documentation](https://v4-forma-36.netlify.app/components/menu/).
```

#### How to migrate your Card component

> To migrate the `Card` component to the v4 run the following [codemod](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/tree/forma-v4/packages/forma-36-codemod):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate the `Card` component to v4, run the following [codemod](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/tree/forma-v4/packages/forma-36-codemod):
```

`npx @contentful/f36-codemod`

> We have codemods for `Card`, `AssetCard` and `EntryCard`, when running the codemods, the following changes occur:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are codemods for `Card`, `AssetCard` and `EntryCard`. When running the codemods, the following changes occur:
```
